>> Estelle Weyl: So here are kind of the
examples I showed on the previous page.
And then I just added this
little one thing right here.
Which is, this was working in Firefox.
And it's basically saying url,
sprite, PNG, and
then just show this one
little area of that image.
But the thing is, browsers they would
who just don't understand that,
would just not use that hash at the end,
right, they would just show the whole,
which is not the best use case because
then you'd be showing the whole sprite.
But it might be a use case if you just
wanna shrink it just a little bit
then that might be good.
So because of this issue,
in this case that this media
fragment will not break anything.
It will just be ignored in
browser that don't support it.
But this would be nicer because you could,
as you say, background image, and
then do URL, and then the full image, and
then the next would say background image,
image, and then do just
the fragment that you wanna show.
And then that would be
more backward compatible.
Okay, so that's it for URL values.
And media fragments, yes?
>> Speaker 2: I was gonna say I turned off
the warnings about nonsecured content and
that started working on my browser.
>> Estelle Weyl: Did I forget to HTTPS it?
Yeah, which one?
>> Speaker 2: Right over there, yeah.
>> Estelle Weyl: This one?
Okay, thank you.
>> Speaker 2: No problem.
>> Estelle Weyl: You're awesome, okay.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Estelle Weyl: So media fragments.
>> Estelle Weyl: This is kind of
not really the best can I use,
because this is media fragments for
the timing on video and audio clips.
You know how it can just show
starting at 22 seconds on a video?
That's pretty well supported.
Hopefully, we will get it on images soon.
Okay.
So a little bit of, remember when I
said it was supported in Firefox?
So it's actually supported
with -moz-element right now,
it's now just supported outright.
Which was picking,
the element is basically giving
an element somewhere in the dom.
It doesn't have to be visible on the page.
And then referencing the idea of
that image, whether it's a canvas,
an SVG, or anything, and
say use that ID as a background.
And you can actually put a whole,
be really meta, put an ID
on your body, and then take the body and
put it as a background image, of its body.
It would be stupid, but you could do that.
But if you want to do it,
you'd have to do it with -moz-element.
And then this thing right here,
when I was saying the image and
you could actually just put a section
of it with the media fragment.
It is working in Mozilla
with -moz-image-rect.
So it's not just image,
it's image-rect [INAUDIBLE].
>> Estelle Weyl: And then, future,
hopefully this will come in some time,
are these two features,
they're not at all supported yet.
Which is saying that first and
the second image and third image and
if none of those works make it blue.
Or background image saying use this
in a right to left language and
then this other image in
a left to right angle.
But what we can do instead
of doing this right now?
>> Estelle Weyl: You could
actually use the DR, DIR or
the lang attribute and
find out and put it based on that.
So those attribute selectors that
we learned yesterday, super useful.
Okay.
These are just more examples.
Nothing more to see here.